i2c: fixes, improvements and expanding the example (#147)
au-ts/sddf: examples/i2c/README.md

# I<sup>2</sup>C example

This example makes use of the NXP PN532 card-reader. This example was developed and tested using
the PN532 NFC RFID Module V3. Documentation on the card-reader itself can be found
on the [NXP website](https://www.nxp.com/docs/en/user-guide/141520.pdf).
This example makes use of the DS3231 RTC and NXP PN532 card-reader.
Documentation and more specific infomation about each can be found below.

This example is intended to run on an Odroid-C4 using the I2C connected via GPIO pins 3 and 5
for SDA and SCL respectively.

> The client code for dealing with the card-reader is based on an Arduino PN532 library, it can

Author: its just in another file

The final bootable image will be in `build/loader.img`.

> ### Zig (currently not working)

Author: I left a comment under the i2c issues about it

UID Value:  0x9c 0x1b 0xb4 0x1
```

Where the card UID is being read and printed out.

Note that for MiFare Ultra Light cards or cards that have encryption, you may
see timeouts between each UID card read, this is expected.

**There is a video in this directory of the card reader working.**

## Running DS3231
Make sure DS_3231_ON is defined.

Running the example will show the following output after the system has booted:
```
Set Date and Time on DS3231 to: 31-12-23 23:59:40 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:40 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:40 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:41 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:41 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:42 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:42 (Sunday)
```

## Running DS3231+PN532
Running the example will show simliar to the following output after the system has booted:

> Basically its a mix between output from the pn532 and the ds3231 output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically it's a mix between output from the PN532  and the D3231 output:
```

```
Set Date and Time on DS3231 to: 31-12-23 23:59:42 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:42 (Sunday)
Date and Time: 31-12-23 23:59:42 (Sunday)

> CLIENT|ERROR: Timed out waiting for a card

Reviewer: Maybe remove these "Timed out waiting for a card" messages?

Reviewer: Nevermind I just read the heading above, ignore my comment.
